Biggest one I've ever seen.

I woke up this morning excited to have my own home ground coffee. Several days ago my coffee grinder broke. A friend of mine gifted me his old coffee grinder when we were in college. It was the first one he owned and was upgrading to a burred grinder from my new blade grinder. I think the story I've heard is that the burs crush the coffee beans rather than cut them resulting in a fuller experience.

I used the electric grinder for a bit and for some reason felt it didn't get fine enough despite him having taped two marks on the spectrum where he made french press and pour over coffee. I don't know what experience I had to think that it didn't get fine enough for my pour overs but for that reason I started using my hand grinder I bought for camping the vast majority of the few years I had the electric grinder. Either that or I hated the high pitched screech of the electric grinder and determined the negative impact on my morning experience from the sound was not overcome by the coffee.

Then just a few days ago my human powered grinder stopped working. Suddenly it seemed. I was dismayed. I was grinding my morning cups worth of beans and about a quarter of the way into it. The satisfying crushing sensation that came with each degree of exertion instantly transformed into smooth motion that gets blocked every 60 degrees or so. It seemed like it got tighter with each turn of the handle. I messed around with it for a while longer and was able to get some more coffee ground but it would slip into the same dissatisfying state so I gave up.

My solution was to walk up the street and get coffee from a coffee roaster just a block away. The coffee isn't bad and it's not as expensive as a cappuccino. I also got a slice of conversation out of it. I wasn't in a rush to get another grinder.

Things got complicated when I noticed someone had returned the exact same grinder I had at work. It was in the bin of overly used or otherwise flawed items returned to the store. This means I could get it for super cheap. I didn't bother to figure out what was wrong with it though. I didn't need it yet. I was enjoying the change and leaving to get some coffee. Each day though I feel that drain each time I have to give away some money. Less than three dollars a cup is more than zero. It was time for me to get that grinder.

Yesterday when I had the opportunity I asked my coworker why the grinder was there and if I could buy it. She said it was just cracked a bit and I could get it for four bucks. Deal I said. Why not?

Then this morning came and I jumped out of bed, excited for that home brewed cup. First I fed my roommates cat then set out on my task. I started grinding the beans and then thought to check how fine the grounds were. I looked and thought they could be a little finer so I tightened the dial just a bit. I began grinding again and not much later that same halting sensation kicked in. Again? I was livid. Had I tightened it too much? Maybe, but it was stuck now. I loosened the setting and nothing happened. It was still in this halting pattern.

Does this mean I broke my other one? Did I tighten it just a bit the day it broke without thinking about it? I could see that happening. That's certainly something I'm capable of doing. I probably just need to dislodge something in there and then I'll have two. Not this morning though. My morning routine is too integral. I changed out of my pajama pants and headed out to the roasterie.

Halfway between my doorway and the roasterie is where I saw it. That incredible human feat. Sitting there right by a mail drop off box on top of a piece of cardboard was that massive piece of shit. Probably 20 inches long at least. It looked as if one of Tolkein's trolls squeezed it out of a pastry bag with a couple inch diameter nozzle.

I've probably pooped that much at one time but not in one piece. How did the pooper do this? What diet did they eat? This was certainly the result of a plan acted out over time. The profile of the poop itself looked designed enough but it was sitting there on top of the cardboard. Did the pooper transport it there from a safer location? Was it there to add contrast with the sidewalk so that more people would see it? Or was it out of compassion, wanting to share the work but knowing someone else would have to clean it up?

In any case, I was floored. I had to talk to someone about it who had seen it. I scanned the eyes of the people I saw walking in front of me to the coffee shop. I made eye contact with a couple but none showed signs they wanted to talk or that they had seen it. On my way home though I said "crazy" to the guy I watched walk right by it before I passed. He didn't say anything. Why were people not so blown away by this as me? The woman behind him signalled she agreed. She made an awkward laugh and smiled at me. She wanted to provide me with the acknowledgment but didn't want the conversation to go on any further.
