I accidentally told the wrong person I didn't believe in money.

We were walking around the art museum in the park near my place. I didn't know it at the time but it was one of those museums repurposed for profit.

People looking to gain some clout on their platform of choice were the new clients. At the end of their time in the museum the one who paid will be given a package of recordings collected by the museums surveillance system. They are then free to do whatever it is they want with the video.

The package includes a copy with faces blurred out and an un-obfuscated version for the creator's keeping. Technically you aren't supposed to share that one but there's no way of preventing it.

I was an easy target for the person who bought my ticket. We met at another museum across town. I was sitting at the in house coffee shop alone at a table. All the other tables were full of people so I offered him a seat at mine. I had a history of meeting people at this cafe so I figured why not see where it goes.

For most of the interaction I sat writing in my journal and he read his newspaper. After some time he began to talk. I quickly gathered that he was narrating his life story, or at least a fictional version of it.

He said he was trained as a lawyer back in the 60s. He worked for a firm that just happened to get a few key partnerships in the beginning of a technology wave of progress. He and a couple other lawyers at the firm wrote a little software to keep up with the work they had to do. They licensed it so others could use it in exchange for some money and they made out pretty good.

Then he began to talk about some pieces of artwork he had seen in his lifetime that made an impact on him. He said there was an exhibit at the museum across town. The one by my place wasn't free to the public so I hadn't been. He didn't describe what it meant to him but he said I should see it.

He reached into his brief case and pulled out an envelope stuffed full of something. He pulled two of whatever was in there and began extend his hand to me. He stopped short and pulled back.

"First", he began, "I must tell you. That museum is not like this one. There's a reason why it isn't free. I accidentally signed a document at a point in time that means I can't tell you why. I don't support the practice but that doesn't mean the art is bad." He paused and looked at me in the eyes for the first time in the conversation and waited for something.

I thought for a moment, not sure what he was expecting from me. I raised my hand with the palm up signalling I'd accept the offering.

I didn't know who to bring so I kept the tickets for some time. I almost forgot about them until I saw a sign advertising the exhibit he mentioned. The end date was coming up so I made a mental note I had to go soon.



They had a small following and I was being recorded. I didn't know and they didn't tell me before they posted it. They prefaced it with the claim I didn't deserve to be anonymous having such a dumb opinion. The video spread like wildfire and my life changed forever.

It ruined my career. I was in between software contracts so I wasn't employed. My profile was found on the internet and I became known as a freeloader. From that point on I was only offered one job.

Everybody saw the video. Any time I got to an in person interview they'd see it was me and their line of questioning changed from my qualifications to telling me why I'm stupid from their point of view. It is sometimes fascinating to see what others think of me but good god I didn't ask.

"Please will you give me a job," I'd say. "I'm just trying to pay rent."
