The death of a concept is never easy for a people to handle. Their concept itself found to be on faulty ground ever since the animals started talking. Conceptologists have left a trail for the likes of me to follow. I've heard and read plenty of examples of the ends of concepts and think I'm beginning to follow the pattern.

I studied computer science though, not conceptology. I never thought that computer science would be the way I'd spend the rest of my life but I thought it would be enough for me. I knew that many of the original computer scientists were also conceptologists but I didn't think I had the time. There was just too much code to write.

The more I looked though, the more I realized that everything is conceptology. You can't avoid it. I've come to learn not everyone thinks in words but I certainly do. If my brain is thinking its all concepts. This writing is just an experiment for myself, nothing more. I recorded my concepts for others to see into my mind but I'm just trying to decide if I want to go back to school.

The point of this writing is to explore the death of a concept. I don't think I actually believe it will ever end but that's what makes it fun for me to explore.

Due to the nature of the concept I will not mention the name. I will just give some examples as well as discuss some derivative concepts.

I hope the words I choose to use do not turn you off. I studied computer science, a fancy phrase for math. I even have a math minor. Don't use that for any merit though, I don't remember much of it.

The framework of thinking is harder to shake though. That followed by an integral conversation with someone who I didn't quite share language with has made me realize everything is calculus.

I don't know what it means in your world but if something is derivative it is more or less a perpetuated pattern. In my view of the world of software, a derivative work is a piece of work that either uses a piece of software or started as a copy of a piece of software and then was modified in some way.

I could leave you hanging or I could posit that a house might be thought of a derivative of trees because they are made of wood. I could but I won't. It is good enough for most of the world but what if you live in New Mexico? There is just as good of a chance that your house is dirt as it is the body of a dead tree.

I get it feels we're so far out of the caves. So why even discuss it? You don't have to continue reading but I'll just say what makes you think you're right?

You won't see me make a definitive claim, I'm all questions. I'm bad at formulating words though so I'll just type some things that pop up in my head on a frequent basis when I'm contemplating things. Don't expect too much from me the point of this is for me. I'm just exploring. I might not want to go back to school. I'm still in debt from the last time.

I nearly made myself a slave to an individual once. I asked my first boss to pay off my student loans for me. He said he didn't trust me. He asked me why he should think that I won't just quit immediately after my debt being payed off. He said I would get that for myself and then just look for a better paying job.

He then proceeded to tell me not to worry about my debt anyway. He pointed out that I like climbing things so I should be happy to continue climbing the tree. If I just did the dance then I'd continue making more money so just don't think about my debt. If I thought the way that I thought now I'd counter "but what about the roots?"

He made some good points to be honest. Until then I hadn't thought about getting a better paying job. I was payed well for where in the world I started but there was a misunderstanding about change in compensation if I moved to the island. I thought he told me if I moved out there he'd adjust for cost of living. He may have said that but I didn't account for productivity. I found I was in way over my head.

I could have made it all by myself if we had several years but I had to work with people. It would have been a lot of fun but also a massive waste of money. There was no reason for him to pay me to explore but he allowed me to anyway.

The part of this job that got me was helping pick the people. I barely knew how to swim myself what made him think I could carry others? Perhaps that was a question I should have asked myself before accepting the role but that's not the way the vine grew.

I say vine and not tree because the biological tree is on the conceptology chopping block. They say if you track evolution. To lead off the contradictions, they worship a conceptual tree. The tree is their favorite data structure. To some, there are only a few building blocks that they call atoms. Everything else is just some variation of the tree data structure.

To them a tree is a collection of things directionally related to each other. Not to be mistaken with a graph though, these circles are conceptual. The only way for a branch to refer to its stem is to speak of it. If the listener understands it will follow the reference to another branch in the tree.

As a computer scientist I understand. The tree is a beautiful representation. One that I'd argue might be too good at it's job at least conceptually. Why can't you just keep your concept separate from ours? Call it a graph. We see what we see and we want to call them the trees.

Where is this going? I do not know. I was thinking of the word derivative, and this is where we went.

An integral concept is the other way. If the house is a derivative of the tree then the tree is integral to the house.

Following the metaphor from before, if a piece of software is integral could you argue that something built with it wouldn't exist without it?

If you agree with the sentiment then nearly every company that uses software out there owes all the money made thanks to software to Linus Torvalds.

Linus Torvalds is the software world's Jesus pattern. Without him, we would have no good guy in the fight for our operating systems. In a more literal interpretation I'd say we wouldn't have something to work together on. Thanks to the open nature of Linus's projects they've become the de facto setting of the world's computation. I don't know of a cloud that runs MacOS and Linux certainly beats out Windows Server at least in numbers. Linus, if you're reading this, you are not Jesus but you could complete the prophecy. Make like Mark Zuckerberg and change the license. Take a note from his diary and just wave your hand.

If Linus is the Jesus pattern then who are the pagans? Well both Linux and MacOS are based on Unix principles. The Unix Wikipedia page calls them a family so I think we found a stem. The roots are much further down but these are our relevant pieces.

I hope this description of integral has fit the bill. I've reached my limit on writing so I must explore. I am on my own so I'm trying to paddle and steer at the same time.
