With respect to what you may call this a course is a valid metaphor.

Whether you think it is closer to an obstacle course or an educational experience is up to you. My intent to be clear is more of a direction.

With respect to the direction I am referring to I'd say towards center of mass.

With respect to the mass I am referring to I must warn is where we get a little conceptual.

For example the death of a concept is the center of mass for this body of work.

What would you say with respect to the concept in question?

An example I have thought of are the regular negotiations I have with my roommates cat.

We have become even more attached since we moved into a two bedroom apartment together.

Just me and the cat most of the time. My roommate commutes down south a fair amount of time.

That is part of the reason I was excited to make the move. While he was working from home for most of the pandemic I knew he'd be heading south more often soon enough. He is a biomedical engineer. Works for the lab grown meat company.

While most of the work he does is from the computer he has to go in to help facilitate his experiments. He works on the research and development team. Plus he uses the equipment to run some of our own. As long as we don't use too many resources they don't question what he's doing. It's not too hard to work around it though. He just fudges some numbers on his corporate experiments a bit so that its not as noticeable when we run our.

My relationship with the cat has sky rocketed since we downsized. Before there were too many options for our relationship to blossom. We had two other roommates and a whole nother room to explore. In this apartment most of the time it is just me. We both experienced the change together and have adapted together. This time around I have noticed an interesting difference in our relationship with respect to his with my roommate.

While my roommate is everything to the cat, I am primarily recreation. I only feed the cat when my roommate is out of town but I am always here. He only has to interact with me when he wants to. To be honest though, I don't know if its just because I open doors for him more often than before. He wonders around meowing a deep throaty cry when he is alone and he knows someone is in a closed off room.

At first in the new apartment I'd get up and let him in if I were awake and not too comfortable to move. The latter being a low bar because how could I be comfortable limiting the cats freedom?

This brought him to spend more time around me but was still roughly the same amount of affectionate as before. What is interesting to me though is what happened when I started just leaving my door open. Whenever my roommate is gone and sometimes when my roommate is here I leave my door open and the cat is free to roam.

The way a cat works is to find the most interesting spot to be in. This takes a fair amount of exploring. The cat has to check all the likely spots before making their decision. Once the decision is made they begin to make it their own.

It with respect to themself is their body. It does not think about changing the spot that it chose but it might if its claws are long and the surface is soft. While the purpose is partially routine with the rest being of muscular effect the sound and feel of the tearing might enhance the experience. Don't blame it though, its just a cat.

These past few days have been a bit interesting. I became aware some time ago that we were on a collision course spiraling around our agreed upon center which is for connection. Neither of us live in the world we evolved in but we both are making it work.

The past few days I have managed to get him to just sit on my legs on top of a pillow and I'd move my computer up further on my torso so that I can continue to work. I say managed but today I think its closer to him tolerating it for a short time. Today I definitely lost the argument but I am fine with it. It turns out he can actually lay on my torso, one of my arms as a pillow and the other will hold him in place. My hands are free to reach my computer on top of the pillow I tried to get him on.

No distractions for the cat though, my work is closer to a video game so I don't use a mouse.
